Docs: Person profiles updates (#8271)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/getting-started/user-properties.mdx

import UserPropertiesHowToSet from "./\_snippets/user-properties-how-to-set.mdx"
import UserPropertiesSetVsSetOnce from "./\_snippets/user-properties-set-vs-set-once.mdx"

> [Person profiles](/docs/data/persons) are a collection of properties about the users behind the events. You can use these user properties to better manage, analyze, and control data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Person profiles](/docs/data/persons) are collections of properties about the users behind the events. You can use these user properties to better manage, analyze, and control data. 
```
